[EDU-5526] improve dev command reference (#1331)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/cli/azion-cli/commands/dev-command/dev.mdx

## dev

> The `dev` command adapts the environment for building your edge application and run it locally. It's used for projects already initialized or linked to an **Azion edge applications**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dev` command adapts the environment for building your edge application and run it locally. It's used for projects already initialized or linked to an **Azion edge application**.
```

:::tip

> If you want to run this command for a project that has not been initialized as an Azion edge application yet, you can run the `link` command it to link the project to Azion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run this command for a project that hasn't been initialized as an Azion edge application, you can run the `link` command to link the project to Azion.
```

The `--firewall` option indicates the function is intended for Edge Firewall.

> <LinkButton link="/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-functions/first-steps/" label="edge functions for edge applications" severity="secondary" /> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<LinkButton link="/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-functions/first-steps/" label="Edge Functions for Edge Application" severity="secondary" /> 
```

<br />

> <LinkButton link="/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/edge-functions/" label="edge functions for edge firewall" severity="secondary" /> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<LinkButton link="/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/edge-functions/" label="Edge Functions for Edge Firewall" severity="secondary" /> 
```
